Keanu Reeves: They’re just dreams.
Keanu Reeves: I just wish… I wish I knew what I’m supposed to do. That’s all. I just wish I knew.
Keanu Reeves: Who was that?
Keanu Reeves:" The meeting is over, retreat to your exits. Agents are coming."
Keanu Reeves: Go.
Keanu Reeves:" Hiya, fellas."
Keanu Reeves: Hmm. Upgrades.
Keanu Reeves: Where are you?
Keanu Reeves: What is it between them?
Keanu Reeves: Captain Niobe?
Keanu Reeves: What happened?
Keanu Reeves:" Yeah, she can do that."
Keanu Reeves:" Oh, no."
Keanu Reeves: Doesn’t he have anything better to do?
Keanu Reeves: I didn’t save his life.
Keanu Reeves: Thanks. It’s good to be back.
Keanu Reeves:" No, I can carry my own bag."
Keanu Reeves:" I told you, Kid, you found me, I didn’t find you."
Keanu Reeves: You saved yourself.
Keanu Reeves: Are you thinking what I’m thinking?
Keanu Reeves: How long to recharge the Neb?
Keanu Reeves: Some people go their entire lives without hearing news that good.
Keanu Reeves: I’ll try.
Keanu Reeves:" No, wait."
Keanu Reeves: I need you.
Keanu Reeves: Excuse me.
Keanu Reeves: I missed you.
Keanu Reeves: I was thinking… Everyone is here.
Keanu Reeves: Trinity…
Keanu Reeves: I can’t lose you.
Keanu Reeves: Councillor Hamann.
Keanu Reeves:" No, I could probably use some company."
Keanu Reeves: Not everyone.
Keanu Reeves: I just haven’t been able to sleep much.
Keanu Reeves: Of what?
Keanu Reeves: Sure.
Keanu Reeves: We have the same power.
Keanu Reeves:" But we control these machines, they don’t control us."
Keanu Reeves:" If we wanted, we could shut these machines down."
Keanu Reeves:" So we need machines and they need us. Is that your point, Councillor?"
Keanu Reeves: Is that why there are no young men on the Council?
Keanu Reeves:" Why don’t you tell me what’s on your mind, Councillor?"
Keanu Reeves: It’s time to go.
Keanu Reeves: Is something wrong?
Keanu Reeves: Thanks.
Keanu Reeves: Thanks.
Keanu Reeves: Hello.
Keanu Reeves: Who are you?
Keanu Reeves: Apologize for what?
Keanu Reeves: Of what?
Keanu Reeves: You could’ve just asked.
Keanu Reeves:" These are back doors, aren’t they? Programmer access."
Keanu Reeves: How do they work?
Keanu Reeves: Are you a programmer?
Keanu Reeves: Then what are you?
Keanu Reeves:" I, uh…"
Keanu Reeves: Maybe I’ll stand.
Keanu Reeves: I felt like sitting.
Keanu Reeves:" You’re not human, are you?"
Keanu Reeves:" If I had to guess, I’d say you’re a program from the machine world. So is he."
Keanu Reeves:" But if that’s true, that can mean you are a part of this system, another kind of control."
Keanu Reeves:" I suppose the most obvious question is, how can I trust you?"
Keanu Reeves: D’you already know if I’m going to take it?
Keanu Reeves:" But if you already know, how can I make a choice?"
Keanu Reeves: Why are you here?
Keanu Reeves: But why help us?
Keanu Reeves: Are there other programs like you?
Keanu Reeves: I’ve never heard of them.
Keanu Reeves: Programs hacking programs. Why?
Keanu Reeves: And why would a program be deleted?
Keanu Reeves: The machine mainframe?
Keanu Reeves: [nods]
Keanu Reeves:" I see Trinity, and something happens, something bad. She starts to fall, and then I wake up."
Keanu Reeves: No.
Keanu Reeves: Then why can’t I see what happens to her?
Keanu Reeves: Are you saying I have to choose whether Trinity lives or dies?
Keanu Reeves:" No, I can’t do that. I won’t."
Keanu Reeves: Why?
Keanu Reeves: What if I can’t? What happens if I fail?
Keanu Reeves: The Keymaker?
Keanu Reeves: What does he want?
Keanu Reeves: Yeah.
Keanu Reeves: No.
Keanu Reeves: Of what?
Keanu Reeves: And what reason is that?
Keanu Reeves: Congratulations.
Keanu Reeves: Yes.
Keanu Reeves: A lot more.
Keanu Reeves: I don’t know – somehow he’s found a way to copy himself.
Keanu Reeves:" I don’t know what he was doing, but I know what it felt like."
Keanu Reeves: Felt like I was back in that hallway. Felt like dying.
Keanu Reeves:" It’s strange, the code is somehow different."
Keanu Reeves: Maybe.
Keanu Reeves:" Well, it looks like every floor is wired with explosives."
Keanu Reeves:" No, thank you."
Keanu Reeves: You know the answer to that question.
Keanu Reeves: This isn’t over.
Keanu Reeves:" Well, that didn’t go so well."
Keanu Reeves: Yes.
Keanu Reeves: Or didn’t do something.
Keanu Reeves: How do you know?
Keanu Reeves: What?
Keanu Reeves: Why?
Keanu Reeves: Why should we trust you?
Keanu Reeves: All right.
Keanu Reeves: All right.
Keanu Reeves: Wait. Okay.
Keanu Reeves: My name is Neo.
Keanu Reeves: I’ll handle them.
Keanu Reeves: Oh shit.
Keanu Reeves:" Link, where am I?"
Keanu Reeves: Really.
Keanu Reeves: What?
Keanu Reeves: Where are they?
Keanu Reeves:" I want to ask you to do something, but I don’t know how."
Keanu Reeves:" What if I asked you to stay out of this, no matter what. To stay out of the matrix?"
Keanu Reeves: Please.
Keanu Reeves: How much further?
Keanu Reeves:" What do you want, Smith?"
Keanu Reeves: Morpheus!
Keanu Reeves: Who are you?
Keanu Reeves: Why am I here?
Keanu Reeves: You haven’t answered my question.
Keanu Reeves:" There are only two possible explanations, either no one told me, or no one knows."
Keanu Reeves: Choice. The problem is choice.
Keanu Reeves: The Oracle.
Keanu Reeves: This is about Zion.
Keanu Reeves: Bullshit.
Keanu Reeves: You won’t let it happen. You can’t. You need human beings to survive.
Keanu Reeves: Trinity.
Keanu Reeves: No.
Keanu Reeves:" If I were you, I would hope that we don’t meet again."
Keanu Reeves: I know. The bullet is still inside.
Keanu Reeves:" Trinity. Trinity, I know you can hear me. I’m not letting go. I can’t. I love you too damn much."
Keanu Reeves: In 24 hours it will be.
Keanu Reeves:" If we don’t do something in 24 hours, Zion will be destroyed."
Keanu Reeves: I was told it would happen.
Keanu Reeves: It doesn’t matter. I believed him.
Keanu Reeves:" It was a lie, Morpheus. The prophecy was a lie. The One was never meant to end anything. It was all another system of control."
Keanu Reeves:" But you said it yourself – how can the prophecy be true if the war isn’t over? I’m sorry. I know it isn’t easy to hear, but I swear to you it’s the truth."
Keanu Reeves: I don’t know.
Keanu Reeves: It’s a bomb. We have to get out of here. Now.
Keanu Reeves: We won’t make it.
Keanu Reeves: Something’s different. I can feel them.
